When is an alert not an alert?
Earlier, we reviewed a Firewall Threat Report on SSH traffic.
SSH is a favorite target of
adversaries as it is easy to script an automated brute force attack.
However, it is not uncommon for these alerts to be a false positive.
This is where the intuition we've been working on comes into play.
The more you know your environment and work these alerts,
you'll know that many times,
these alerts come from a script that has a misconfiguration,
such as a typo in the username or password,
or possibly your management has ordered a penetration test.
If that's the case,
when you look up the source IP,
you'll see that it's a valid pen test vendor.